feat: fcc-todo-app (#51367)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-localstorage-by-building-a-todo/64faedcd16a1e985c4c2dc94.md

---
id: 64faedcd16a1e985c4c2dc94
title: Step 36
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-36
---

# --description--

> Use arrow syntax to create a `deleteTask` function. Pass in `buttonEl` as the parameter and have an empty curly brace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `deleteTask` function using arrow syntax. Pass `buttonEl` as the parameter and define an empty set of curly braces for the function body.
```
